README.md, before:

# Probabilità e Statistica

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-electricity.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/no-ragrets.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

## Introduction

This repo contains material about the following course:

**Name**: Probabilità e Statistica / Calcolo delle Probabilità

**Teacher**:

- prof. Claudio Agostinelli (A.A. 2017/2018, course taken by me)
- prof. Giulia Boato (A.A. 2020/2021, 2021/2022, course in which I did tutoring)

**Course**:

- Informatica (A.A. 2017/2018, Bachelor)
- Ingegneria Informatica, delle Comunicazioni ed Elettronica (A.A. 2020/2021, 2021/2022, Bachelor)

**University**: Trento

## Content

You can find the following material in the repo:

- `code/` - R and MATLAB code used for the daily exercises of the course (A.A. 2017/2018).
- `exercises/dispensa.pdf` - compendium of exercises provided during the tutoring (A.A. 2020/2021).
- `tutorato/` - slides used during tutoring (A.A. 2021/2022).

## Contribute

Feel free to contribute by forking the project and issuing a pull request.

## Authors

- **Matteo Franzil** - *Initial work* - [mfranzil](https://github.com/mfranzil)
- **Paolo Baiguera**, **Claudio Facchinetti**, **Carlo Corradini**, **Miraxh Tereziu**, **Nicolò Gottardello**, **Ayoub Saghir**, **Greg Andronic**, **Stefano Perenzoni**, **Luca Mosetti** - additional code for the exercises

Commit message:

open-sourcing gaussian table updated README

README.md, after:

# Probabilità e Statistica

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-electricity.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/no-ragrets.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

## Introduction

This repo contains material about the following course:

**Name**: Probabilità e Statistica / Calcolo delle Probabilità

**Teacher**:

- prof. Claudio Agostinelli (A.A. 2017/2018, course taken by me)
- prof. Giulia Boato (A.A. 2020/2021, 2021/2022, course in which I did tutoring)
- prof. Federico Reali (A.A. 2022/2023, course in which I did teaching assistanship)

**Course**:

- Informatica (A.A. 2017/2018, Bachelor)
- Ingegneria Informatica, delle Comunicazioni ed Elettronica (A.A. 2020/2021 +, Bachelor)

**University**: Trento

## Content

You can find the following material in the repo:

- `code/` - R and MATLAB code used for the daily exercises of the course (A.A. 2017/2018).
- `exercises/dispensa.pdf` - compendium of exercises provided during the tutoring (A.A. 2020/2021).
- `teaching/` - slides used during tutoring and lectures (A.A. 2021/2022 + ).
- `reference-tables` - tables with some standard values for calculations (Gaussian and Student's t) 

## Contribute

Feel free to contribute by forking the project and issuing a pull request.

## Authors

- **Matteo Franzil** - *Initial work* - [mfranzil](https://github.com/mfranzil)
- **Paolo Baiguera**, **Claudio Facchinetti**, **Carlo Corradini**, **Miraxh Tereziu**, **Nicolò Gottardello**, **Ayoub Saghir**, **Greg Andronic**, **Stefano Perenzoni**, **Luca Mosetti** - additional code for the exercises
